Overview
A route around the Welsh Llyn Peninsula passing through Snowdonia and Anglesey.

Day 1 - Conwy to Criccieth:
A scenic route down the Conwy valley towards Betswy-Coed before a steep climb and then a gradual ascent through Capel Curig to the foot hills of Snowdon. A long descent into Beddgelert before making our way through the Nantmoor valley and onto Porthmadog. A quick diversion to the lovely cove of Borth-y-Gest before making our way past Black Rock Sands and to our finish destination in Criccieth.

Day 2 - Criccieth to Nefyn:
Quiet country lanes lead to our gradual ascent to Myntho for the spectacular 360 views of the Llyn, before descending to Abersoch. Then quiet country lanes arounds 'Hells Mouth' before the steep climb to Rhiw, but then rewarded with a lovely descent to Aberdaron with far reaching rugged coastal views. Quiet country lanes hugging the coastline took us to Morfa Nefyn where a small excursion took us over the golf course to Porthdinllaen where we tried the beverages at the 'Ty Coch Inn' by the beach. A short stretch back up over the golf course took us to our overnight stop in Nefyn. 

Day 3 - Nefyn to Beaumaris:
We started by ascending to Llithfaen for the striking views across the Llyn rewarded by a fast descent into Llanaelhaearn and then onto quiet country lanes, eventually joining the well paved cycle track to Penygroes for our first cafe stop at Pant Du Vineyard allowing some riders to try their produce!. A small detour from the route due to a closed section of path, but we soon re-joined and headed into Caernafon, circuling the castle before heading towards Bangor on the coastal path to our second cafe stop in Y Felinheli. A short ride and we were crossing the Menai Suspension Bridge into Anglesey and to our destination in Beaumaris where somer riders did the extra loop to Penmon Point.

Day 4 - Beaumaris to Conwy:
We left Anglesey by retracing our route from the previous day and crossed the Menai Suspension Bridge. Using cycle paths we rode past Garth Pier and onto Aber Falls distiilery for a cafe stop and sampling of their Gins, Liquers and Whiskeys. Carrying on the cycle route which was structually spectacular at times as it criss crossed the North Wales Express Way and skirted rocky outcrops, we reached Conwy harbour. From here, most riders crossed over the River Conwy and onto Llandudo before taking the specatular route around the Great Orme. The ride finished by crossing back into Conwy, where we all met up and had the group photo.